[Music]
how about some clam chowder I'm going to
use some clam juice and some heavy cream
and here I have three pans of clams I'm
using bacon and some Idaho russet
potatoes a little bit of parsley and two
bay leaves and carrot celery and flour
salt and pepper I've been heating my
product over medium-high heat and this
is three pieces of bacon it's thick
bacon six why cook this up the Bacon's
gotten crisp so I'm going to remove it
from the pot I'm going to add the bay
leaves two bay leaves carrot celery and
you know what I forgot to tell you about
this the onions about a medium onion or
one cup of onion and then this in there
and cook this till it gets soft
the vegetables gotten soft I'm going to
add the flour it's about three
tablespoons of flour and just mix this
in and cook the flour for a minute maybe
two minutes
I've taken my clams and I've drained
them I'm going to add the juice from the
hands of plants I will also add 2 cups
of clam juice and the 1 cup of cream
oops
and my potatoes that cubed up in small
dice there bow the half inch made me
less maybe smaller about a half inch and
want to let this come up to temperature
its come up to a bubble it's come up to
temperature or a bubble that's what we
want we want to let this go like this
for 20 minutes it's been going 20
minutes take the bay leaves out well
that was one of them
oh there is the other one take it out I
want to add 1/2 teaspoon of salt stir
that in you want to taste it now for
salt and see if you need any
[Music]
hmm I think that's fine
might need just a dash more and I'm
going to take the clams toss those in
[Music]
and just let these warm for a couple
minutes we're ready to play real quick
here I'm going to take a pan turn it
down a little bit I'm going to add some
bread cubes this is a decent bread
certainly I don't want to use a ultra
cheap bread and we'll stir this around
when I make a croutons real quick and I
think I'll put a little olive oil in
here too a little bit and we'll stir
these around while these are toasting up
and add a little pepper to I'm gonna add
some dried herbs to them add a little
bit of garlic powder just a little bit a
little bit of parsley and we'll throw in
there
we keep these moving for just a couple
minutes it only takes a couple of
minutes to make them serve some up
[Music]
couple spoonfuls this makes about three
quarts
and some of our croutons use crackers or
even go without
[Music]
the Baker
and just hit it with a little bit of
parsley
[Music]
god it's so nice so good but it's like
potatoey and clammy and Velveteen creamy
it's so good and thanks so much for
watching
[Music]